Now we are going to add the same test for the chest part.
So opening sign up component chests.
So again, copying the previous test and pasting here.
And the test is
it sends username, email and password to back.
And after clicking the button, by the way, there is a typo here.
Enables.
So we are going to fill the fields for the username and email just copying this one.
This is for username and this is for email and the labels are user name with uppercase u and email with
uppercase e dash mail and we will
fill those inputs.
This is user one and email is user one at mail com.
Then we are going to click to this button and for clicking we are going to use user event click button.
And again we are going to mock the functionality of fetch.
But in this one we need to import the library we installed like in packages and initially we installed
this library and this was for having the fetch in node environment.
So the just tests are running in note and in node until the node version 18, there is no fetch.
So we need to use this library.
We are just importing this one like this then.
Here, just like we do in the the default is.
Let's open that one.
Spectators.
We were mocking the functionality of fetch and we will do the same thing here.
But this was.
Coming from the spy on was coming from the jasmine but in this one we are running the test with just
so we will do like this again.
We will have a spy, but this time we will call.
Just spy on.
And the rest is same.
We are spying the fetch functionality of the window.
Then the arguments are like this.
It's not exactly the same like we were calling spy.
All our calls, all arcs.
But in this one we will get the arcs from spy mock and calls.
So this is having the.
The call history of this function.
And we get the first one and from this first.
Our first call, we will get the second parameter and it is ARX one and this is request in it.
And we can just.
Copy the expected parts from this test.
And paste here, saving it.
And here we see the test is passing.